[GIGA R1 WiFi] Add NTP timezone example (#1687)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/10.mega/boards/giga-r1-wifi/tutorials/giga-wifi/giga-wifi.md

}
```

### Wi-Fi RTC Example with Timezone Adjustment

> If you want to adjust the timezone, you can add the following lines after the epoch is received. As the received epoch is based on GMT time, you can input e.g. `-1` or `5` which represents the hours.

Author: ```suggestion
This example provides an option to set the timezone. As the received epoch is based on GMT time, you can input e.g. `-1` or `5` which represents the hours. The `timezone` variable is changed at the top of the example.
```
